♪ ♪
♪ TELL ME SOMETHIN' GIRL ♪
♪ ARE YOU HAPPY IN
THIS MODERN WORLD? ♪
♪ OR DO YOU NEED MORE, ♪
♪ IS THERE SOMETHIN' ELSE
YOU'RE SEARCHIN' FOR? ♪
♪ I'M FALLIN' ♪
♪ IN ALL THE GOOD TIMES ♪
♪ I FIND MYSELF
LONGIN' FOR CHANGE ♪
♪ AND IN THE BAD
TIMES I FEAR MYSELF ♪
♪ TELL ME SOMETHING BOY ♪
♪ AREN'T YOU TIRED TRYIN'
TO FILL THAT VOID? ♪
♪ OR DO YOU NEED MORE, ♪
♪ AIN'T IT HARD KEEPIN'
IT SO HARDCORE? ♪
♪ I'M FALLING ♪
♪ IN ALL THE GOOD TIMES ♪
♪ I FIND MYSELF
LONGING FOR CHANGE ♪
♪ AND IN THE BAD
TIMES I FEAR MYSELF ♪
♪ I'M OFF THE DEEP END ♪
♪ WATCH AS I DIVE IN ♪
♪ I'LL NEVER MEET THE GROUND ♪
♪ CRASH THROUGH THE SURFACE ♪
♪ WHERE THEY CAN'T HURT US ♪
♪ WE'RE FAR FROM
THE SHALLOW NOW ♪
♪ IN THE SHA-HA-SHA-HA-LOW ♪
♪ IN THE
SHA-HA-SHA-LA-LA-LA-LOW ♪
♪ IN THE SHA-HA-SHA-HA-HA-LOW ♪
♪ WE'RE FAR FROM
THE SHALLOW NOW ♪
♪ (VOCALIZATION) ♪
♪ I'M OFF THE DEEP END ♪
♪ WATCH AS I DIVE IN ♪
♪ I'LI NEVER MEET THE GROUND ♪
♪ CRASH THROUGH THE SURFACE ♪
♪ WHERE THEY CAN'T HURT US ♪
♪ WE'RE FAR FROM
THE SHALLOW NOW ♪
♪ IN THE SHA-HA-SHA-HA-LOW ♪
♪ IN THE
SHA-HA-SHA-LA-LA-LA-LOW ♪
♪ IN THE SHA-HA-SHA-HA-HA-LOW ♪
♪ WE'RE FAR FROM
THE SHALLOW NOW ♪
♪ ♪
(AUDIENCE CHEERS)